feat(config): convert datasource env to hostRules (#9698)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/private-modules.md

- Replace the existing public key in the HTML with the public key you generated in the step prior
- Use the resulting HTML encrypt page to encrypt secrets for your app before adding them to user/repository config
- Configure the app to run with `privateKey` set to the private key you generated above

> ### hostRules Configuration using Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### hostRules configuration using environment variables
```

> For self-hosted users, it is possible to use environment variables to configure the most common type of `hostRules` for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-hosted users can use environment variables to configure the most common types of `hostRules` for authentication.
```

> The format of the environment variables should be all upper-case and follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the environment variables must be all upper-case and follow:
```

- Datasource name (e.g. `NPM`, `PYPI`)
- Underscore (`_`)
- `matchHost`

> - Underscore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Underscore (`_`)
```

- Field name (`TOKEN`, `USER_NAME`, or `PASSWORD`)

> Hyphens (`-`) in datasource or host name should be replaced with double underscores (`__`) and periods (`.`) in host names replaced with single underscore (`_`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hyphens (`-`) in datasource or host name must be replaced with double underscores (`__`).
Periods (`.`) in host names must be replaced with a single underscore (`_`).
```

Might make more sense to split this over two sentences?

- Replace the existing public key in the HTML with the public key you generated in the step prior
- Use the resulting HTML encrypt page to encrypt secrets for your app before adding them to user/repository config
- Configure the app to run with `privateKey` set to the private key you generated above

### hostRules configuration using environment variables

Self-hosted users can use environment variables to configure the most common types of `hostRules` for authentication.

The format of the environment variables must be all upper-case and follow:

- Datasource name (e.g. `NPM`, `PYPI`)
- Underscore (`_`)

> - `matchHost`

Author: Yes, optional. But right now NPM_TOKEN won't be added to any `.npmrc` (I think we should add that independently)

- Underscore (`_`)
- Field name (`TOKEN`, `USER_NAME`, or `PASSWORD`)

Hyphens (`-`) in datasource or host name must be replaced with double underscores (`__`).
Periods (`.`) in host names must be replaced with a single underscore (`_`).

Examples:

> `NPM_REGISTRY_NPJS_ORG_TOKEN=abc123`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NPM_REGISTRY_NPMJS_ORG_TOKEN=abc123`:
```

I think we're missing a letter `M` in the `matchHost` part here?
